When you clean the place and clean the house, it's not dirty.
And I have a lot of dirt in my house.
It's dirty.
I clean it every day.
Thank you very much.
I'm going to ask you to clean the house.
Thank you.
I have no soap.
If you clean it with a bath bomb, the color will change.
I have a lot of dirt in my house.
I want you to put the house in the way.
You have to clean it like this.
Congratulations.
Congratulations?
I'm going to get my foot in the toilet tonight.
You're too happy.
I'm too happy.
I'm going to get my foot in the toilet tonight.
I have a lot of customers.
You're happy to be here, aren't you?
I'm very happy.
I'll pay you 2,000 yen.
You don't know how much I've made in the last year?
I'll pay you 4,000 yen.
I'll pay you 2,000 yen.
I'll pay you 10,000 yen.
Give me the money from today.
I need 5 grand each.
The money has a great condom.
How do you do?
Is this not yours?
It's not true.
Asses.
At your house, there is a second potato and 10 to go.
Do you know the,,
I don't have a bag. I can't think of anything.
I can't think of anything.
I put a bag in the water.
A bag?
It's a big bag.
I should have put it in the water.
I put it in the water and threw it away.
The bag sank in the water.
I'm looking for a bag.
If you don't have a bag,
I can't think of anything.
Is that a bag?
Yes, it is.
I studied here.
I'm not good at it.
Translated by Releska